tetra: transparently handle unix or tcp gRPC socket (#967)
cilium/tetragon: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/configuration.md

generally recommended. Defaults can be restored by simply deleting this file
and all drop-ins.

### Restrict gRPC API access

The gRPC API supports unix sockets, it can be set using one of the following methods:

> 1. Use the --server-address controlling setting directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `--server-address` flag:
```

   `--server-address unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock`

> 2. Or use drop-in configuration file `/etc/tetragon/tetragon.conf.d/server-address` with a content of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Or use the drop-in configuration file `/etc/tetragon/tetragon.conf.d/server-address` with the following content:
```

> 2. Or use drop-in configuration file `/etc/tetragon/tetragon.conf.d/server-address` with a content of:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Or use drop-in configuration file `/etc/tetragon/tetragon.conf.d/server-address` containing:
```

>    `unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock`

Reviewer: nit
````suggestion
   ```
   unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock
   ```
````

> Note: Tetragon tarball ships with a default gRPC listening on `unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
Tetragon tarball ships with a default gRPC listening on `unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock`.
{{< /note >}}
```

> Note: Tetragon tarball ships with a default gRPC listening on `unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Tetragon tarball by default listens to  `unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock`.
```

Then to access the gRPC API with `tetra` client, set `--server-address` to point to the corresponding address:

>    `sudo tetra --server-address unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock getevents`

Reviewer: nit
````suggestion
   ```
   sudo tetra --server-address unix:///var/run/tetragon/tetragon.sock getevents
   ```
````

> Note: when reading events with `tetra` client, if its `--server-address` is not specified, it will
> try to guess if `Tetragon` daemon is running on the same host and use its `server-address` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
When reading events with the `tetra` client, if `--server-address` is not specified, it will 
try to detect if Tetragon daemon is running on the same host and use its `server-address` configuration.
{{< /note >}}
```

> Note: ensure that you have enough privileges to open the gRPC unix socket. It is restricted to privileged users only.

Author: Done, thank you ;-)
